Enable `reset_modules` to run either before or after examples, or both (#870)
sphinx-gallery/sphinx-gallery: doc/configuration.rst

To do so, follow the instructions in :ref:`custom_reset`.

.. _reset_modules_order:

Order of resetting modules
==========================

> By default, the Sphinx-Gallery will reset modules before each example is run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Sphinx-Gallery will reset modules before each example is run.
```
nitpick

The choices for ``reset_modules_order`` are ``before`` (default), ``after``, and
``both``. If the last example run in Sphinx-Gallery modifies a module, it is
recommended to use ``after`` or ``both`` to avoid leaking out a modified module to

> other parts of the Sphinx build process.  For example, to use both use the following
> configuration::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other parts of the Sphinx build process.  For example, set ``reset_modules_order``
to ``both`` in the configuration::
```
nitpick
